# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

Well the week went very well, I spent all week thinking I was on top of the world and didn't need anything extra, I am not gonna lie I slacked off a bit cause I understood what Mark and Mick were doing so I thought I had it down but I learned the hard way that it is very much easier to see than to do. I luckily was able to do the weekend checkpoint but I definitely need to not get cocky, I definitely won't be making that mistake again.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

that despite knowing that most of the complexity comes from the imports and exports and where to link things, there was a large bit of coding that I didn't even truly realize the coplexity of until I tried using it myslef

- What are you struggling with?

Honestly I need some serious touch ups on CSS and Bootstrap because all though I can get the rough design of what I want I still run into little problems with getting buttons aligned right and what not as well as I need to work on and push myself when it comes to what we learned this week, I am able to do the assignments but I need to go above and beyond and make it my own with my own hints of flavor like I did with week 1 and 2

- What would you count as a victory?

getting this checkpoint completed definitely, I was confident up until Friday morning and then I honestly thought I was gonna end up being behind, definitely a stressful week and I need to learn from it so I don't get overly cocky again during the next 9 weeks